
Surrounded by Acres of wild flowers and hundreds of miles away from cities, there was a small town known as shadow-ville. Where the trees sing and the wind dances. In this town there was a mayor who by a landslide won his position or so people are told. Known as Alec Bretwan. He was married to his beautiful wife of 5 Years whom everyone knew was just the sweetest, which made things all that much worse. Everyone in town truly knew what Mr.Breton was like, he cheated on his wife continuously, having 2 different mistresses a week. No one dared to tell his wife anything though, why? Who knows.
 Victoria a bookkeeper at the town's library, where kids would usually go to do their homework. She always kept to herself. Once a month the mayor held a town meeting in the library. That way he and his colleagues could talk about things that needed improvements in the town. Victoria having to stay late that night for them to finish their meeting, stayed up in the attic of the library. Waiting For them to finish so that she could close up. While waiting she overheard  a couple of the ideas that the men were coming up with to improve the town. She thought that they were reasonable but could have been better.
Later that night as she got ready to go lock the doors she heard a sound. She went back inside to check out what she had heard. Out of nowhere the Mayor, grabbed Victoria by her wrist tightly and giggled as he tried to pull her close to him. She pushed him back furiously attempting to get away. She politely asked him to leave, leading him towards the main doors of the library. 
“Mr.Bretman it’s getting late, you should be getting home to your wife”, she said.
“ A few minutes never hurt anybody,'' he replied.
He grabbed her once more this time more aggressive than the first. She slapped him and ran out the library as quickly as she could and went home.
	Next morning as Victoria was stepping out of her car to enter the library she saw that there was a sign that said Closed Due to Construction, after the events from last night she knew that the mayor had something to do with it. That afternoon she stormed into the mayor's office and demanded to know what was going on.
“ Why is the library closed we just built it for less than a month ago! ’’.
He replied. 
“ Well lets just say that we need the money, and have other ideas that the library space could become, after all you were there when me and my fellow colleagues were talking about new and better things that can improve the town. Don't take it personal Dear.
“ You and I both know what this is really about,'' she said.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,'' he replied.
	Later that night Victoria was out on a walk minding her business when out of nowhere the mayor pulls up with his car and says.
“ Why don't we try this again Vicky”.
Without saying anything Victoria complies and hops in the car with the mayor.
“Good Girl”, he says, with a smug smile as he continues to drive away.
“ So do you want to go to your place?”, the mayor asked.
“ Actually, how about we stop right here,'' she replied in a seductive tone.
“ Vicky, you naughty little girl”, he expressed.
The Mayor pulled over by the side of the road. As he leans towards her she grabs the knife that she had been hiding in her pocket and slashes his throat as if she was calmly slicing apples and While The mayor bleeds to death she takes him out of the car and drags him into the woods and burns his body. The next couple of weeks the townspeople had suspicions about the mayor's disappearance. When his grieving wife heard about it she  decided to govern the town in his memory. Unexpectedly it was the best thing that could've happened. The townspeople, environment, overall atmosphere changed in the best way after Mrs. Brown took charge. Up until this day no-one knows what happened to the mayor, it remained a mystery case.

